now these are the priests and the
now these are the priests and the Levites who came up with zerubbabel the
Levites who came up with zerubbabel the
Levites who came up with zerubbabel the son of shealtiel and jeshua suryya
son of shealtiel and jeshua suryya
son of shealtiel and jeshua suryya Jeremiah Ezra a Mariah Malik pettish
Jeremiah Ezra a Mariah Malik pettish
Jeremiah Ezra a Mariah Malik pettish Scheck Anaya Rehim Mary Mothe Widow
Scheck Anaya Rehim Mary Mothe Widow
Scheck Anaya Rehim Mary Mothe Widow Guinness oi Abijah fishermen
Guinness oi Abijah fishermen
Guinness oi Abijah fishermen mayor daya Bilger Shania joy Arab
mayor daya Bilger Shania joy Arab
mayor daya Bilger Shania joy Arab Jedediah salut
Jedediah salut
Jedediah salut Emma hill Chaya and Judea these were the
Emma hill Chaya and Judea these were the
Emma hill Chaya and Judea these were the heads of the priests and their brethren
heads of the priests and their brethren
heads of the priests and their brethren in the days of Joshua
in the days of Joshua
in the days of Joshua moreover the Levites were Jeshua been UI
moreover the Levites were Jeshua been UI
moreover the Levites were Jeshua been UI kadmiel Jeremiah Judah and mattaniah who
kadmiel Jeremiah Judah and mattaniah who
kadmiel Jeremiah Judah and mattaniah who led the Thanksgiving Psalms he and his
led the Thanksgiving Psalms he and his
led the Thanksgiving Psalms he and his brother also back buchaiah and uh nigh
brother also back buchaiah and uh nigh
brother also back buchaiah and uh nigh their brethren stood across from them in
their brethren stood across from them in
their brethren stood across from them in their duties Joshua begot Joachim joy
their duties Joshua begot Joachim joy
their duties Joshua begot Joachim joy achim begat Elijah Elijah cheb begat
achim begat Elijah Elijah cheb begat
achim begat Elijah Elijah cheb begat Joya de Goya de he got Jonathan and
Joya de Goya de he got Jonathan and
Joya de Goya de he got Jonathan and Jonathan begat Joshua now in the days of
Jonathan begat Joshua now in the days of
Jonathan begat Joshua now in the days of joy acum the priests the heads of the
joy acum the priests the heads of the
joy acum the priests the heads of the fathers houses were of suryya Moriah of
fathers houses were of suryya Moriah of
fathers houses were of suryya Moriah of Jeremiah Hananiah of Ezra Michelin of a
Jeremiah Hananiah of Ezra Michelin of a
Jeremiah Hananiah of Ezra Michelin of a Moriah jiha Haman of Melek you Jonathan
Moriah jiha Haman of Melek you Jonathan
Moriah jiha Haman of Melek you Jonathan of Shaban aya Joseph of harem aDNA of
of Shaban aya Joseph of harem aDNA of
of Shaban aya Joseph of harem aDNA of Marea 'the alkane of edo zechariah of
Marea 'the alkane of edo zechariah of
Marea 'the alkane of edo zechariah of kenneth on ms shulam of Abijah zik right
kenneth on ms shulam of Abijah zik right
kenneth on ms shulam of Abijah zik right the son of min Djimon of more dire pill
the son of min Djimon of more dire pill
the son of min Djimon of more dire pill time of Bilger samuel of shamaya Shahana
time of Bilger samuel of shamaya Shahana
time of Bilger samuel of shamaya Shahana 'then of Gioia rib matinee of Judea as I
'then of Gioia rib matinee of Judea as I
'then of Gioia rib matinee of Judea as I of Sally I Calais I of a mock Eber of
of Sally I Calais I of a mock Eber of
of Sally I Calais I of a mock Eber of Hilkiah Pasha by ax and of Judea
Hilkiah Pasha by ax and of Judea
Hilkiah Pasha by ax and of Judea Nathanael during the reign of dereyes
Nathanael during the reign of dereyes
Nathanael during the reign of dereyes the Persian a record was also kept at
the Persian a record was also kept at
the Persian a record was also kept at the Levites and priests who had been
the Levites and priests who had been
the Levites and priests who had been heads of their fathers houses in the
heads of their fathers houses in the
heads of their fathers houses in the days of Elijah
days of Elijah
days of Elijah joyeux de Johannine and Jaguar the sons
joyeux de Johannine and Jaguar the sons
joyeux de Johannine and Jaguar the sons of Levi the heads of the fathers houses
of Levi the heads of the fathers houses
of Levi the heads of the fathers houses until the days of johanan the son of
until the days of johanan the son of
until the days of johanan the son of Elisha cheb were written in the book of
Elisha cheb were written in the book of
Elisha cheb were written in the book of the chronicles and the heads of the
the chronicles and the heads of the
the chronicles and the heads of the Levites were hash abaya share abaya and
Levites were hash abaya share abaya and
Levites were hash abaya share abaya and Joshua the son of kadmiel with their
Joshua the son of kadmiel with their
Joshua the son of kadmiel with their brothers across from them to praise and
brothers across from them to praise and
brothers across from them to praise and give thanks Group alternating with group
give thanks Group alternating with group
give thanks Group alternating with group according to the command of David the
according to the command of David the
according to the command of David the men of God
men of God
men of God mattaniah back boo kya Obadiah muscial
mattaniah back boo kya Obadiah muscial
mattaniah back boo kya Obadiah muscial 'm Talman and Akkad were gatekeepers
'm Talman and Akkad were gatekeepers
'm Talman and Akkad were gatekeepers keeping the watch at the storerooms of
keeping the watch at the storerooms of
keeping the watch at the storerooms of the gates these lived in the days of joy
the gates these lived in the days of joy
the gates these lived in the days of joy acum the son of joshua the son of
acum the son of joshua the son of
acum the son of joshua the son of josedech and in the days of nehemiah the
josedech and in the days of nehemiah the
josedech and in the days of nehemiah the governor and of Ezra the priest the
governor and of Ezra the priest the
governor and of Ezra the priest the scribe
now at the dedication of the wall of
now at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought out the Levites in
Jerusalem they sought out the Levites in
Jerusalem they sought out the Levites in all their places to bring them to
all their places to bring them to
all their places to bring them to Jerusalem to celebrate the dedication
Jerusalem to celebrate the dedication
Jerusalem to celebrate the dedication with gladness both with Thanksgivings
with gladness both with Thanksgivings
with gladness both with Thanksgivings and singing with cymbals and stringed
and singing with cymbals and stringed
and singing with cymbals and stringed instruments and harps and the sons of
instruments and harps and the sons of
instruments and harps and the sons of the singers gathered together from the
the singers gathered together from the
the singers gathered together from the countryside around Jerusalem from the
countryside around Jerusalem from the
countryside around Jerusalem from the villages of the notified from the house
villages of the notified from the house
villages of the notified from the house of kill Gow and from the fields of giba
of kill Gow and from the fields of giba
of kill Gow and from the fields of giba and Asma death for the singers had built
and Asma death for the singers had built
and Asma death for the singers had built themselves villages all around Jerusalem
themselves villages all around Jerusalem
themselves villages all around Jerusalem then the priests and Levites purified
then the priests and Levites purified
then the priests and Levites purified themselves and purified the people the
themselves and purified the people the
themselves and purified the people the gates and the wall so I brought the
gates and the wall so I brought the
gates and the wall so I brought the leaders of Judah up on the wall and
leaders of Judah up on the wall and
leaders of Judah up on the wall and appointed two large Thanksgiving choirs
appointed two large Thanksgiving choirs
appointed two large Thanksgiving choirs one went to the right hand on the wall
one went to the right hand on the wall
one went to the right hand on the wall toward the refuse gate after them went
toward the refuse gate after them went
toward the refuse gate after them went Hosea and half of the leaders of Judah
Hosea and half of the leaders of Judah
Hosea and half of the leaders of Judah and Azariah Ezra Michelin Judah Benjamin
and Azariah Ezra Michelin Judah Benjamin
and Azariah Ezra Michelin Judah Benjamin shamaya
shamaya
shamaya Jeremiah and some of the priests sons
Jeremiah and some of the priests sons
Jeremiah and some of the priests sons with trumpets Zechariah the son of
with trumpets Zechariah the son of
with trumpets Zechariah the son of Jonathan the son of Shania the son of
Jonathan the son of Shania the son of
Jonathan the son of Shania the son of mattaniah the son of Makia the son of
mattaniah the son of Makia the son of
mattaniah the son of Makia the son of zakir the son of Asaph and his brethren
zakir the son of Asaph and his brethren
zakir the son of Asaph and his brethren shamaya as arel milla lie gillo lie may
shamaya as arel milla lie gillo lie may
shamaya as arel milla lie gillo lie may i
i
i Nathanael Judah and Helena with the
Nathanael Judah and Helena with the
Nathanael Judah and Helena with the musical instruments of David the man of
musical instruments of David the man of
musical instruments of David the man of God Ezra the scribe went before them by
God Ezra the scribe went before them by
God Ezra the scribe went before them by the fountain gate in front of them they
the fountain gate in front of them they
the fountain gate in front of them they went up the stairs of the City of David
went up the stairs of the City of David
went up the stairs of the City of David on the stairway of the wall beyond the
on the stairway of the wall beyond the
on the stairway of the wall beyond the house of David as far as the Watergate
house of David as far as the Watergate
house of David as far as the Watergate eastward the other Thanksgiving choir
eastward the other Thanksgiving choir
eastward the other Thanksgiving choir went the opposite way and I was behind
went the opposite way and I was behind
went the opposite way and I was behind them with half of the people on the wall
them with half of the people on the wall
them with half of the people on the wall going past the Tower of the ovens as far
going past the Tower of the ovens as far
going past the Tower of the ovens as far as the broad wall
as the broad wall
as the broad wall and above the gate of ibrahim above the
and above the gate of ibrahim above the
and above the gate of ibrahim above the old gate above the fish gate the tower
old gate above the fish gate the tower
old gate above the fish gate the tower of Hanano the tower of the hundred as
of Hanano the tower of the hundred as
of Hanano the tower of the hundred as far as the sheep gate and they stopped
far as the sheep gate and they stopped
far as the sheep gate and they stopped by the gate of the prison
by the gate of the prison
by the gate of the prison [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so the to thanksgiving choirs stood in a
so the to thanksgiving choirs stood in a
so the to thanksgiving choirs stood in a house of God
house of God
house of God likewise I and the half of the rulers
likewise I and the half of the rulers
likewise I and the half of the rulers with me and the priests Alya Kim may
with me and the priests Alya Kim may
with me and the priests Alya Kim may Asiya min German makea le o ni Zechariah
Asiya min German makea le o ni Zechariah
Asiya min German makea le o ni Zechariah and Hananiah with trumpets also may
and Hananiah with trumpets also may
and Hananiah with trumpets also may Asiya Shania Eleazar as I gia hainan
Asiya Shania Eleazar as I gia hainan
Asiya Shania Eleazar as I gia hainan malkia Elam and easer the singers sang
malkia Elam and easer the singers sang
malkia Elam and easer the singers sang loudly with jazz Raheja the director
loudly with jazz Raheja the director
loudly with jazz Raheja the director also that day they offered great
also that day they offered great
also that day they offered great sacrifices and rejoiced for God had made
sacrifices and rejoiced for God had made
sacrifices and rejoiced for God had made them rejoiced with great joy the women
them rejoiced with great joy the women
them rejoiced with great joy the women and the children also rejoiced so that
and the children also rejoiced so that
and the children also rejoiced so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard afar off
the joy of Jerusalem was heard afar off
the joy of Jerusalem was heard afar off and at the same time some were appointed
and at the same time some were appointed
and at the same time some were appointed over the rooms of the storehouse for the
over the rooms of the storehouse for the
over the rooms of the storehouse for the offerings the firstfruits and the tithes
offerings the firstfruits and the tithes
offerings the firstfruits and the tithes to gather into them from the fields of
to gather into them from the fields of
to gather into them from the fields of the cities the portions specified by the
the cities the portions specified by the
the cities the portions specified by the law for the priests and Levites for
law for the priests and Levites for
law for the priests and Levites for Judah rejoiced over the priests and
Judah rejoiced over the priests and
Judah rejoiced over the priests and Levites who ministered both the singers
Levites who ministered both the singers
Levites who ministered both the singers and the gatekeepers kept the charge of
and the gatekeepers kept the charge of
and the gatekeepers kept the charge of their God and the charge of the
their God and the charge of the
their God and the charge of the purification according to the command of
purification according to the command of
purification according to the command of David and Solomon his son for in the
David and Solomon his son for in the
David and Solomon his son for in the days of David and Asaph of old there
days of David and Asaph of old there
days of David and Asaph of old there were Chiefs of the singers and songs of
were Chiefs of the singers and songs of
were Chiefs of the singers and songs of praise and thanksgiving to God in the
praise and thanksgiving to God in the
praise and thanksgiving to God in the days of zerubabbel
days of zerubabbel
days of zerubabbel and in the days of nehemiah all Israel
and in the days of nehemiah all Israel
and in the days of nehemiah all Israel gave the portions for the singers and
gave the portions for the singers and
gave the portions for the singers and the gatekeepers a portion for each day
the gatekeepers a portion for each day
the gatekeepers a portion for each day they also consecrated holy things for
they also consecrated holy things for
they also consecrated holy things for the Levites and the Levites consecrated
the Levites and the Levites consecrated
the Levites and the Levites consecrated them for the children of Aaron